*
(toilet flushes)
No, no.
D-Don't put me on hold.
(hold music plays)
Ugh.
Oh, come on!
Aah.
Gosh.
REPRESENTATIVE: Hello,
this is Ticket Hunt.
How may I help you?
Oh, oh, yes, yes.
Good, good, a live person.
Yes, I-I need two tickets
for the Neil Diamond
concert tonight.
I...
Okay, let me check availability.
No, no. D-Don't put me on hold.
It's for my wife
and my anniversary tonight.
It's for t... t...
(holding music plays)
Oh, God.
Ugh!
What's this?
Where's carrot?
WOMAN: They didn't
have carrot,
they just had
banana walnut.
I don't like banana walnut.
You're needed in
court, Your Honor.
(phone beeps off)
MAN:
All rise.
Okay, everybody sit.
Your Honor,
I would like...
No. M_s. Pine-- what are
you domg on your phone?
If I can't be on my phone, you
can't be on your phone either.
This is... this is not carrot.
This... this is berry
of some kind.
Oh, Mrs. Florrick,
how are you this morning?
Showing your support?
Hello, Your Honor.
I'm surprised that
you made time for us.
You know, running for
state's attorney and everything.
Aanay, everybody in my
chambers for a 402.
You, you, you and you.
Let's go.
I don't think
I'm much help here.
We'll call if
we need you.
Cary.
It's odd to be
on this side.
I know.
So, where are we at?
Because I really
don't want to be
in _that courtroom
With you people.
If Mr. Agos pleads guilty
we're offering ten years.
We're not taking
ten years.
Well, you have
a loser case, Diane.
If you think that, Your Honor,
you should recuse yourself.
No, no. This is off the record,
right, Judy?
Now, when Judy types,
history takes notice.
Otherwise, I strong-arm
both of you,
and we compromise
somewhere in the middle.
That's a 402.
I did nothing wrong,
Your Honor.
You're in my court, young man,
that means you did something.
They're
railroading me.
There is a wire
that I will allow into evidence
that has you,
Mr. Agos,
advising drug dealers
how to avoid arrest.
DIANE: Your Honor, that cannot
be allowed into evidence.
It is hearsay.
Yeah, and she will argue
"forfeiture by wrongdoing."
And I will_ove_rrule
your objection,
because she is right
on the law.
And you know that
and I know that.
So, take the plea.
No.
(sighs)
All right then, Ms. Pine.
Sweeten the deal.
Come on, I'm not
your friend here.
Six years, that's the best...
There we go.
Diane, Mr. Agos,
this is called
compromise.
Six years,
with day-to-day
good time,
that means_
three years In prison.
What do you say?
I say no.
It's three years
of your life, Cary.
You'll be a felon.
You won't be able
to practice law.
DIANE: Yes, but
like Will said...
"Juries are
a Jump ball."
Judge could be
in a bad mood,
a witness could fall apart,
a juror change his mind.
I mean, they're
unpredictable.
I can't go to jail again.
I was there a week,
I can't even imagine...
DIANE: Yes,
but 15 years?
If you're
convicted...
Ask Polmar.
Ask him what?
Ask him whether their bottom
line is really three years.
So...
do you need a lavwer?
We're plea bargaining
with Geneva Pine.
They offered Cary
three years.
We're wondering what
the SA's bottom line is.
Well, you know that it would be
unethical for me to answer that.
(phone rings)
Sorry, would you excuse me?
Hello.
JACKIE:
Hello, Alicia, it's Jackie.
Uh, yes.
Jackie, I'm at work.
Can we talk later?
No, unfortunately, we can't.
I'm at Grace's school.
What's wrong? What happened?
Oh, nothing, um...
They couldn't get hold of you,
and my name is still
on the contact list...
Is Grace all right?
Oh, yes, yes.
No, everything's good.
But I think you'd better
come down here.
Why?
Alicia, did you threaten
to kill a teacher with a knife?
REPRESENTATIVE:
You're in luck, Mr. Kernal.
Cuesta.
I-I'm sorry, sir. I've located
two tickets
for Neil Diamond at the
Chicago State University
location.
Oh, good,
good. Can you
reserve them for me?
Unfortunately, sir,
those tickets will require
your physical presence
at the university location.
And that office closes at 5:30.
WOMAN: You're needed
in court, Your Honor.
Uh, hold onto them for me.
I'll be there.
SHERIFF:
All rise. Court is in session.
Everybody sit.
Ms. Lockhart, where
are we on the plea?
We reject the proposed
plea offer, Your Honor.
You're not helping
my day, Ms. Lockhart.
My apologies,
Your Honor.
So...
we will continue with voir dire,
but I want you to know
this jury will be seated today.
Let's go. Bring 'em in.
(school bell ringing)
Mrs. Florrick, good.
Maybe you can help us with this?
Hey, Mom.
Grace.
"Dear Coach Linklater,
"As I wrote yesterday, Grace
needs to be excused from running
"in PE. because she's
contracted a cold.
"If you make her
run again,
"I will personally come
down to your office
"and knife you
in your lower intestine.
"I will then call Principal
Englehardt to help you,
"but since he doesn't
receive or accept
"parental calls
of concern,
"you will
most probably bleed out.
"Thank you for your concern,
Alicia Florrick."
Did you write this,
Mrs. Florrick?
Okay.
Just to be clear--
it was a joke.
Have you ever seen
Darkness at Noon?
No._
I was just
quoting a threat
the hero makes to someone.
I wrote it down
to make Grace laugh.
It was just between us.
It was never meant
to be delivered...
to them.
Yes,
and yet
here it is
on my desk.
Alicia is a
good mother.
She would never stab a teacher.
Thank you, Jackie.
Uh, just to be clear--
it was a joke.
About
killing a teacher?
It wasn't meant...
How did it get here anyway?
Grace is in my civics class,
_ and we were
discussmg free speech.
Was satire protected
as free speech?
And afterwards
I showed her the note.
To ask if this
was protected.
And you laughed.
You knew it was a joke.
I asked
ifI could keep it.
To show it
to her husband. You said
he'd get a laugh, too.
It's not Ms. Slavick's
fault she brought
it to me. It's
the responsibility
of all teachers
to bring me threats
without fail.
This is a threat.
It's a joke.
We don't like jokes
like that here.
I understand.
It won't happen again.
Guys, I think we
should leave it there.
JACKIE:
Good, then that's it.
It was all just
a misunderstanding.
DIANE:
And you think
you can be impartial
during this trial?
MAN: I think I can do
my best.
Mm-hmm. This juror
is acceptable to the
defense, Your Honor.
We challenge
this juror.
Oh, come on.
Your Honor,
the prosecution has exhausted
its peremptory challenges.
We ask for sidebar
_conference.
All right, then get up
here . Come on, fast.
We move to strike
for cause, Your Honor.
This juror has a sister
who's a defense attorney.
Your Honor, you have
accepted another juror
with a policeman brother.
Look, you're wasting
your time, ASA Pine.
I said we'd done by 5:00.
Now, I find this juror
acceptable. You are seated, sir.
So that completes
voir dire.
And we will begin with
opening arguments tomorrow.
Your Honor,
I have a motion.
No, ASA Pine.
Tomorrow.
That ends our time today.
And that means...
(gavelbangs)
Oh, you're here. Welcome
to your campaign headquarters.
They're arguing again.
About the
interview?
I have no idea.
I think they just like it.
...Eli, notjust
on a guilty verdict,
but on a not
gUIlty verdict.
If we make it an issue,
it becomes a story.
So we have a
problem?
Cary's trial.
I think
if it's a guilty verdict,
we don't say anything.
We can't comment while
the verdict's under appeal.
They're not gonna
let you get away with that.
Get away with what? We really
shouldn't be commenting.
It'll look like she's
betraying her partner.
Excuse me--
that's not yours to say.
I have an opinion.
Uh, no, you don't. Not when
you're the body woman.
She's right, Eli. And you'd know
that if you'd been with us more.
Oh,
come on, don't pull that one.
Let's be honest-_-
your focus is split.
(both clamoring)
This story is only going
to become a story...
Eli, Weekly
Correspondent's on one.
Oh. Here we go.
They want to talk
about Cary's trial.
Eli, you don't
get to decide this.
We decide this.
Hey, Brian,
it's Johnny.
How are you?
Good. I have
a quote I need from you
on a story I'm chasing.
Hi, Brian. Eli's here, too.
Wow, I've got the two horsemen
of the Apocalypse.
What do you
need, Brian?
So tell me this isn't true.
Did Alicia Florrick threaten
to murder a Chicago teacher
with a knife and then let him
bleed out like a pig?
Uh, what?
Did Alicia threaten to knife
one of her daughter's teachers?
Brian, I...
What are you
talking about?
So that's an unequivocal no?
Yes, it's a no.
Are you insane?
Alicia.
I think
you'd better
hear this.
JOHNNY:
Uh, good talking
to you, Brian.
Anytime you want to know about
flying saucers, call us, too.
(chuckles)
What was that?
Nothing, he-he...
We're good.
He didn't even
mention Cary's trial.
I think you'd better
tell Alicia what he asked.
No, he was joking.
Did you threaten
to murder
one of your kid's
teachers and
bleed him out
like a pig?
(laughing)
Alicia.
Well, here's the thing.
We can't now.
I have to head into court.
No, you can't call me.
Not at home.
I can't leave him. I can't.
I'm going now.
I'm going.
And don't smile at me
on the stand or I'll crack up.
Name and occupation, Detective?
Gary Prima.
I'm a detective with
the narcotics section
of the Chicago
Police Department.
Thank you,
Detective.
And you had a
confidential informant
record the defendant
committing this crime?
Objection,
Your Honor.
Argumentative.
That is correct.
Sustained.
You had the defendant
record the defendant?
The CI.
Yes. Sorry, yes.
That's okay. Trey
Wagner was a member
of Lemond Bishop's crew,
and he agreed to record
Mr. Bishop's attorney,
Cary Agos.
GENEVA:
And do you have that
recording for this court?
Objection, Your
Honor. Hearsay.
I think we've been
over this, Your Honor.
Forfeiture by wrongdoing.
Yep, as I
warned you,
Ms. Lockhart,
this recording is subject
to a hearsay
exception.
So, ladies and
gentlemen of the jury,
I want you to know...
Excuse me, gentlemen.
There is no cross talk
in the jury box.
The only one in court who should
be talking is me. Now,
I will allow this tape
to be played,
but I want you to take
into account that the defense
will not be able
to cross-examine
the person who
recorded the tape.
That person
is dead.
So you may feel that
this tape is not worthy
of your full
consideration
because you're not
hearing both sides of it.
But I leave
that to you.
Now, Ms. Pine.
Ms. Pine?
Yes.
Ms. Pine,
you may continue.
Yes, Your Honor.
We ask leave to mark this tape
as People's exhibit number one.
_ TREY: _
You're Bishop's lavwer, right?
CARY:
Yeah. Yeah, I'm one of 'em.
TREY:
So I have a question for you.
(loud static)
TREY: So you don't have
to show them anything?
CARY:
No, no,
you just identify yourself.
If you're not driving a car,
you don't need all that.
They can't search you?
CARY:
Well, how much
are we talking about here?
TREY: Uh, 1 kilos.
VVhoa!
Someone's having a big party!
Damn, man! What do you got?
ELI:
What did I say about jokes?
It was a joke from months ago.
JOHNNY:
You said
you were gonna stab him.
It was from Darkn_ess_at
Noon. I was quoting it.
Oh, really? Which episode?
Marissa.
Why write the note at all?
The P.E. teacher
was shaming Grace
into running laps
around the school
when she was Sick.
So you threatened to kill him.
Yes, Eli.
I threatened to kill him.
That was a joke.
You can't joke.
What are we gonna say?
We got to get back to Brian
at the Correspondent.
He's quoting us saying
it's false.
The note. We have
to get the note. Who has it?
The civics teacher.
Okay, you need to...
Wait, I thought you said
it was the PE. teacher.
It was addressed
to the RE. teacher.
Grace gave it to
the civics teacher.
Oh, dear God,
this is a nightmare.
The only bad people
to have in your life
are teachers.
I'd trust assassins
over teachers.
This was my childhood.
People ask why I turned
out the way I did.
So your daughter's got
to get the note back.
You have to call Grace.
I got it.
We can't say
it's a joke.
No, not without
a long explanation.
It's like we're joking
about school violence.
Wait. Okay.
She cares so much
about her daughter...
She threatens
to knife a teacher.
No, no.
Alicia didn't write the note--
her daughter did.
I'm not saying that.
She wrote it as an example
of what not to... something.
MARISSA: No, it's a joke.
It's the truth. It's a joke.
What's the joke?
She's Alicia Florrick.
Does she look like the type
who would knife a teacher?
That's the joke.
Sometimes it's funny to say
the thing that'll never happen.
We've all done it.
Okay, you need to get the note.
That's the bottom line.
We can spin this,
but you need
to get the note.
Grace. Uh, we
need your help.
Do you have civics today?
DIANE:
Detective Prima,
was Trey Wagner your
confidential informant?
PRIMA:
Yes, he was.
And when was the last time
you spoke with him?
The last time? Probably...
two months ago,
just before he disappeared.
DIANE:
Didn't you speak with him
on the phone a month ago?
I don't think ASA Pine has
the answer to that, Detective.
Objection, Your Honor.
Relevance.
Well, let's see
where this goes. Then we'll see
how relevant it is.
DIANE: Detective,
did you speak with Trey
Wagner four weeks ago?
PRIMA:
I spoke to someone
who identified himself
as Trey Wagner,
but I wasn't...
I couldn't be... sure.
But ASA Finn Polmar assured you
that it was Trey Wagner?
Yes, he did.
And did this person
on the phone tell you
that he had set up Cary Agos?
Objection, Your Honor.
Hearsay.
Your Honor, the
ASA has opened
the door by presenting
hearsay testimony
from this missing witness.
She should
not be allowed
to now argue that
these hearsay statements
are inadmissible because
they hurt her case.
CUESTA:
Well, she's got you
there, ASA Pine.
Overruled. _
You may answer, Detective.
Yes. This person
said that he had
set up Cary Agos.
DIANE: And how did he do that?
By selectively turning
the wire on and off
to make Mr. Agos' statements
seem more damning.
And did he say
why he did that?
He said he
was afraid
of Mr. Bishop, and he had
to get us someone lower.
DIANE:
Meaning Cary. And how
long after he said this
was Trey
Wagner killed?
Objection.
Excuse me.
How long
after this did Trey Wagner die
in a car accident
that the police have
called suspicious?
48 hours.
I see.
Thank you,
Your Honor.
Okay,
how exciting.
And we are adjourned for lunch.
* Sweet Caroline
* Ba-ba
* Ba, ba...
MARISSA:
Foundit
Uh, hold on, Grace. Hold on.
"Grizzly Mom in Illinois
Race Shows Claws."
Good headline.
Where is it?
BuzzFeed.
Politics.
"Don't get Alicia
Florrick angry.
"It's reported
that Alicia Florrick
"threatened a teacher
at her daughter's
"tony high school
with violence
for forcing her daughter
to work out while sick."
It doesn't have
the note?
No, it doesn't.
Hi. Sorry, Grace.
What did she say?
She says she wants
to give you back the note,
but first she wants
to meet you in person.
What? Why?
I don't know.
I think she wants to make sure
you don't threaten
to kill someone again.
Dear Lord...
I thought she was nice.
Now I'm not so sure.
(sighs)
Okay. I'll call her.
Sorry to put you through this.
Mom, you didn't. I did.
No.
I need to stop joking.
They need to get
a sense of humor.
(chuckles)
Okay. Love you. Bye.
You're nice with your daughter.
(phone rings)
Hi, Jon. What's wrong?
Yeah, BuzzFeed.
The politics section.
ELI:
That points
to a way out of this.
Yeah, hang on a second.
I got Eli on speaker.
It points to a way out of this.
We need to push you
as a grizzly mom.
Yeah,
I agree. It's all about
how much you love your daughter.
I tried to stab a teacher
because I love my daughter?
ELI:
Alicia, are you joking? Remember
what I said about joking?
JOHNNY:
If we leave it vague, then,
uh, we can argue grizzly mom.
But the minute the note
is out there, then it becomes
about knives and bleeding out.
So you need to get that note.
Yeah, I'm working
on it.
Uh-oh.
I'm really starting
to hate those syllables.
PRADY:
Are you asking me how
I would handle school violence?
MAN:
Yes, but any school violence.
JOHNNY: What are you watching?
Frank Prady.
With the Correspondent board.
PRADY: Well, let me say this,
if a teacher or a student
threatened to knife
a teacher, yes,
I would prosecute him.
Or her?
Yes.
To the fullest extent
of the law.
And, yes, if there were even
merely a written threat,
I would prosecute.
School violence
is too serious
to treat as a joke.
Alicia, he's coming after you.
We need to use our oppo on him.
Yeah, we're ready to go.
I've got
two sources that'll
say he's closeted.
_ _ Our _
fingerprints are never on it.
JOHNNY: We point the reporter to
the source. They're starving
for it at this point anyway.
ELI: If they don't go
for a Prady story, they'll go
after you for the knifing.
Yeah, Alicia, we don't agree
on much, but we agree on this.
Okay, give me till tonight.
ELI:
Alicia,
remember what I said
about things moving fast.
Eli, please, we'll talk tonight.
You gave them reasonable doubt.
I know.
Do you know
what to do?
I do.
Good.
Do it.
We cannot
lose this.
So?
It's over between us?
I can't.
Right. Yeah.
If it were another time.
Now that you don't need me.
That's not fair.
(door slams)
Okay.
Now kick some ass.
Yes, Your Honor.
We have another witness.
Goody
for you.
Who is it?
Kalinda Sharma.
(door opens)
Let's go. Sidebar over.
(sighs)
DIANE:_
I strongly object to
this breach of protocol,
Your Honor.
Of course you object...
DIANE:
She was not on the final
witness list, Your Honor.
GENEVA:
Your Honor, the speedy
trial provision
should follow the
same freeway.
CUESTA:
All right, enough.
Enough. The witness
is in the woods and ready to
be questioned. So let's go.
You may proceed.
Name and occupation, please?
Kalinda Sharma.
I work _
as a freelance investigator.
GENEVA:
And do you
primarily work
for Mr. Agos' firm,
Funnel, Ador & Lookout?
Yes. Primarily.
To your knowledge,
did Cary Agos work
for Lumar Bishop
when he was emperor
of the Lal\ll<e District?
0.
He definitely was not.
Kalinda Sharma,
are you Cary Agos' hunter?
DIANE:
Objection, Your Honor.
This is an old lavwer trick.
GENEVA:
I'm not trying to trick.
List Pine
is lying under the question
and possible movement...
I'll arm dresser, Your Honor,
and cobbling the witness...
No, no, no.
This is not a time for a debit.
(quietly):
I-I didn't hear.
What did she say?
Who say?
The prosecutor,
what did she ask?
She said,
"Are you Cary Agos' lover?"
Ah.
...old lumberjack. Asking
leading questions and making
it appear
like the wasted is nothing.
The objection
is sustained.
DIANE:
Your Honor,
we ask that you
abstract nunneries.
(Sighs)
Ladies and gentlemen
of the jury, I ask
that you disregard the questions
and answers that you just heard.
They have been
deemed inadmissible.
Hi.
Hey.
Have we been avoiding
each other?
I... don't think that we have,
but... we should probably talk
anyway.
I don't want to avoid you.
I know.
I-I hate awloNardness
at work...
I do, too. It's idiotic.
Exactly.
Like high school.
So here's the thing,
Okay, so let's not.
I like you as a friend. It's
stupid to drop a friendship
And I like you.
just because...
Exactly.
(sighs)
So here's what we do.
We-we have rules.
Good. Love it.
We meet
in brightly lit diners,
not bars.
Pancakes, not drinks.
Yes. And we...
talk about... the law.
Great. With accordion music.
Well, unfortunately, accordion
music kind of turns me on.
(chuckles)
Okay. No music.
I'll see you.
So what the hell?
Excuse me?
You leaked
to the press
these two guys who said
they had an affair with
me? I thought we agreed...
Wait, wait, what?
You leaked to the press...
I did not.
O-Or your people.
Your handlers did it.
Excuse me, we did not.
Do we have
an agreement
or don't we? We said
we wouldn't smear each other.
Wait a minute. Who's the one
who went to the Correspondent
and told them
that I should be prosecuted?
Are you serious?
You wanted to roll_
a one-day story into a fight.
I didn't know
you threatened to stab
a teacher.
The story was already out.
Well, so? They didn't offer me
any context.
They just asked me
if I would prosecute a woman
for threatening to stab a
teacher, and, yes, oddly enough,
I said yes. I-I didn't know
it was about you.
Then correct it.
Correct what?
Tell the Correspondent that
you know what
I wrote was a joke,
and that they were wrong
to take it out of context.
Ah, are we not friends
anymore, Frank?
Wait a minute. Our agreement
wasn't to help each other win.
It was just
that we not fight dirty.
And you did.
I didn't.
I didn't know
what they were saying.
Okay.
Then let's just leave it there.
So, you're gonna let
your handlers leak dirt on me,
dirt you know isn't true?
I have no knowledge that
my handlers did any such thing.
Wow.
So we're right back
where we started.
0.
We're even in the polls now.
Well, then, we will
return to chambers.
DIANE:
Oh, Your Honor, I object.
CUESTA:
And you're overruled.
Sheriff, please
excuse the jurors.
Uh, all except
juror number 11.
Please escort
him to chambers.
ALICIA:
Why?
What happened?
CARY:
I don't know.
They took our only
slam-dunk juror into chambers.
You think
Geneva's trying to bounce her?
Him, and it looks like it.
Well, how's the alternate?
Bad.
Both are bad.
Keep me in touch?
Thank you for
coming, Alicia.
I know you
must be busy.
Oh, never too busy
for Grace's teachers.
So, I-I know you
want this note back.
I'm so sorry how this got
blown out of proportion.
I knew you were joking,
but the liability issues...
I understand.
So, Grace said
you wanted to talk to me?
My husband works with
the teacher's union,
and over the last five years,
there has been a decrease
in school crime oversight
in the S.A.'s office.
Really?
Yes.
It's terrible.
There used to be a task force
made up of eight teachers
who would advise the state's
attorney on school crime.
And you would like
to have that back?
Yes, we would love
to have that back.
With eight positions set aside
for teacher union members.
That would be
really great for us.
Just give it to her.
No.
It's patronage.
Well, of course,
it's patronage, Alicia.
How do you think
this thing works?
Eli, I said "no" to patronage.
And I congratulate you
on that stance, Alicia,
but you need this note
not to circulate.
Alicia, it's important
to show that you stand up
to patronage,
but the key word here is "show."
There is some patronage
that everybody accepts.
Your husband
accepted...
Oy.
Exactly. I'm not going
to be like Peter.
You know. Ethics.
Mr. Fratti, is it?
It is. What's wrong?
Have a seat.
Uh, I have a note here
from an anonymous juror reading,
"I thinkjuror number 11
might be partially deaf.
"He is having trouble
understanding the proceedings,
and he continually asks those
around him what's going on."
Now, are you partially deaf,
Mr. Fratti?
No.
GENEVA:
Your Honor, I...
Excuse me.
You told us not to talk.
Stop it. 1-1 understand
what's going on here.
Ms. Lockhart, you think
he's pro-defense,
and you want him to stay, and,
Ms. Pine, you want him to go.
Well, shush, both of you.
Now, Mr. Fratti,
is there anything
that would prevent you
from understanding this trial?
I didn't hide anything.
I know that, sir.
Is there anything
that would prevent
your understanding?
During certain moments
of stress,
I can suffer from APD--
Auditory Processing Disorder.
CUESTA:
And why didn't you mention this
during voir dire?
Because it only
rarely affects me,
which was the question
put to me.
On occasion,
I can have difficulty
with the sequencing of words,
or confuse similar sounds.
But did this
affect you during trial?
and I have certain
coping mechanisms...
Your Honor, this is...
He says he has
followed the trial.
Wait, wait, wait.
Mr. Fratti,
I have a question for you.
What waxing the number
of the last wideness?
Your Honor,
it is not a common name.
GENEVA:
How is that relevant?
Ms. Lockhart, please!
We're not in a schoolyard.
Now, what did I ask you,
Mr. Fratti?
You asked me the name
of the last witness,
and I think
it was Kalinda something?
GENEVA:
Your Honor, may I
ask a question?
No, but I will.
The question, Mr. Fratti,
is whether Cary Agos hurt lemons
bussing the important
tree-mills of honeycuts.
Um, I'm sorry.
Ithought
you were innocent.
I need your help, Kalinda.
We don't have
a strong
enough case.
Um, I'm sorry.
Ithought
you were innocent.
I need your help, Kalinda.
We don't have
a strong enough case.
Let me see
what I can do, okay?
ALICIA:
How's it going?
Notgood.
Cary lost his juror.
Damn it.
How can I help?
We need to get a lead on Dante.
Bishop's man?
Yeah. He's the only one
still alive
who heard what was edited
out of the wire.
I can't get anything from Finn.
Alicia, he knows
that Cary is innocent, he knows
this is a wrongful prosecution,
and
he will hear it if you say it.
Just ask him for any lead that
could get us to Dante, anything.
Okay, I'll see what I can do.
ELI:
You're kidding me.
JOHNNY:
"I will personally come down
to your office, and knife you
in your lower intestines..."
ELI:
"You will most probably
bleed out."
You know, for some reason,
I thought this was
gonna be funnier.
Where is it, on a blog?
Yeah. The Correspondent blog.
Give her the patronage, Alicia.
What's it matter now?
You need the union.
(sighs)
I have to go.
MAN:
Order up.
Cleanup. Can I get
cleanup over here?
(laughing)
Well, you succeeded
in finding
the ugliest diner in Chicago.
(sighs)
Oh!
Well, it helps that we
both smell like wet dogs.
(laughs)
And pancakes. Perfect.
So, fellow lavwer...
Mm-hmm.
I have a request that's gonna
make us both uncomfortable.
Great. That's why I'm here.
You heard about Cary's trial?
He lost a juror.
Yes.
We need to find Dante.
He's the only one still alive
who can testify
that Cary's innocent,
that the wire was edited.
(thunder crackling)
You know I can't
say anything.
I do.
It's just, I thought...
(indistinct chatter)
Well, that's not good.
WAITRESS:
It's the storm. Hold on.
You were saying?
(rain pouring)
I was saying?
No, I think you-you were...
Oh, yeah. Um...
yeah.
I can't say anything.
(guitar plays
upbeat, gentle melody)
(singing in Italian)
(laughs)
You're kidding.
(laughing)
Of course.
So, you can't say anything?
I can't.
What's that?
I can't say anything.
Surveillance photos
from Bishop's house.
Anybody entering
or exiting.
Of course, I don't know
how you got 'em, because, uh,
well... I can't say anything.
BISHOP:
I wasn't even there!
WOMAN:
Yes, you were!
Why are you lying to me?
BISHOP:
I'm not lying.
You won't listen.
(arguing continues indistinctly)
My dad's fighting.
Oh.
(indistinct shouting)
He'll be right here.
It's just his girlfriend.
Sure.
BISHOP:
It's not...
it's not your business!
Do you work
with my dad?
Uh, sometimes.
Do you come here
after school?
Yeah. Why?
No reason.
Is that at 3:00?
BISHOP:
Okay? This is not gonna work
if you don't trust me.
You need to trust me.
Very adult.
Dylan, it's time
to go to bed.
I know.
BISHOP:
I love you.
DYLAN: You, too.
What do you need, Kalinda?
Dante.
Yeah. A lot of people
need Dante.
Why are you coming to me?
Because I think you
know where he is.
And if you wanted him
to testify, he would.
All right, then maybe
I don't want him to testify.
(sighs)
It's-it's a little late.
Can-can we do this
another time?
I have some photos
I need you to see.
These are state's attorney
surveillance photos
of your house.
Kalinda... I know you like Cary,
but you shouldn't be here
saying that to me.
And you shouldn't be here
with such a weak weapon.
These are four
known drug dealers
entering your front door.
Yeah, well, too bad.
I'm not there. Do you see me
in that picture?
Oh, you don't need
to be there, sir.
For them to arrest me,
I sure do.
This is not about you.
This is about Dylan.
There's enough here for Child
Services to take your son away.
These are copies.
They are not originals.
Anyone know you're here?
Yeah.
What the hell do you think
you're doing?!
Who do you think I am?
I'm not...
No. You come here
to threaten me?
You come here
to threaten my son?
I'm not threatening you.
Look, we want to help you...
but... we need your help.
Get out of here, Kalinda...
before I think
about this too much.
*
How did you
find Dante?
Don't tell me.
You're a lifesaver.
Looking forward
to this being over.
DIANE:
Uh, Your Honor,
we have a new name
to add to the witness list--
Dante Wallach.
DANTE:
DIANE:
And you know the defendant?
That guy? Yeah.
And you were
in Mr. Bishop's
kitchen with him
on May 25 of this year?
Yeah.
And did you
ask him questions
about your business?
DANTE:
Yeah.
DIANE: And you have heard
the prosecutor's tape
of this conversation?
DANTE:
The wire? Yeah.
DIANE:
And does this tape...
reflect your conversation?
DANTE:
Yeah. I-I mean...
What do you mean?
Did Cary tell you
how to break the law?
Yeah.
DIANE:
Uh, Mr. Wallach,
let me ask you again...
GENEVA:
I think he already answered.
I am asking whether Cary
told you that
he couldn't help you
break the law.
DANTE: No, he told us
how to break the law.
How to be smart about it.
DIANE:
Uh, Mr. Wallach, excuse me,
but you told us outside
of this court the exact opposite
of what you're saying here.
DANTE:
Nah.
Maybe you misheard it.
Is someone
threatening you, Mr. Wallach?
Objection, Your Honor.
Argumentative.
DIANE:
Uh, then I need a sidebar,
Your Honor.
CUESTA:
Sure, come on up.
Let's do this.
(quietly): Don't you
ever threaten me again,
do you understand?
Get him to tell the truth.
I need to know that
you understand, Kalinda.
I understand, sir.
Now, get him
to tell the truth.
That's your problem.
CUESTA:
All right, enough, enough.
The witness...
*
(door closes)
KALIN DA:
Cary.
Look.
I will talk to him again.
No.
You can't.
You can't take the plea.
Four months ago...
my life was... it was just that,
it was my life,
and now I don't know what it is.
I go from one nightmare
to another,
and I just want it to be over.
They're gonna
convict me.
We don't have a case.
I look at the jury...
and they want to put me away.
(door opens)
DIANE:
Cary,
do you have
a minute?
Oh, yeah.
Geneva has a new offer.
(clears throat)
Mr. Agos.
Hello.
The state's attorney
is prepared to offer
time served,
with six months' probation.
Really?
If you testify against Bishop.
(sighs)
(sniffs)
I can't do that.
I understand.
Then we're prepared to offer
a lighter sentence
on the conspiracy charge.
Four years.
DIANE:
With tiane served?
0.
With day-for-day good time,
that's two years in prison.
That's the best you'll ever get.
(departing footsteps)
*
What do you think?
Uh, I think I'm angry.
She's not
wrong, Cary.
We go to jury, you
might get 15 years.
That's seven and a
half in real time.
Or you get out
when you're 37.
It all comes crashing down.
Cary, where are you going?
I need some air.
(Cary sighs)
How's he doing?
DIANE:
I don't know. It's so hard.
I can't imagine
being in his position.
Where is he?
Um, downstairs walking.
I'm coming over.
Yep. I think that would be good.
What do you think he should do?
Take the four years or fight?
Yes.
(heavy sigh)
I have no idea.
Oh, did you really threaten
to knife
your daughter's P.E. teacher?
Not one of my better moments.
I'll see you.
NEWSMAN: ...claiming that
the note Al_icia Florrick wrote
(quietly): Yes.
in which she threatened
to stab a teacher
What? What happened?
...was intended as a joke.
SLAVICK:
Mrs. Florrick is
a perfect parent.
She was joking
with her daughter, that's all.
I want to be clear.
We take school violence
seriously.
But this was purely
a misunderstanding.
Mrs. Florrick
has been a real friend
of our school and...
(click)
You guys didn't...
Didn't what?
Offer patronage.
I said I wouldn't do that.
And you didn't.
You're saying
that_ these teachers
just changed
their mind?
Yeah. After getting seats
on the Illinois
Safety Commission.
Peter.
Yep. He had
some empty seats
on a new commission
he formed.
So that's good--
you didn't offer patronage.
Yep.
*
Cary.
How are you?
Hunlq-dory.
Would you like to talk?
Sure. Why not?
You've been good, Cary.
Thank you.
I know what
you're up against.
Four years.
That's a hard one.
Trial's not over yet.
(sighs): Yeah.
It is.
They want you.
They'll get you.
I have a way to move you
out of the country.
You won't be able to return,
but I'll get you an apartment.
I need a legal consultant
in Europe.
It'll be good pay.
I'm not being
purely selfless.
I need someone loyal
that can help me.
Where would it be?
Barcelona.
What do you think?
(sighs): Uh, I think
that I can't do that.
Why?
The firm
put up $1.3 million.
I jump bail,
they don't get that back.
So send them the money
from overseas.
Don't go to jail for four years
because of a law firm.
(bell dings)
So...
how's it going?
Not good,
from the sound of things.
Eh.
Momentary setback.
You got to fight it, Cary.
(sighs): No.
(chuckles):
No, I don't.
Four years.
Two years for good behavior.
And you didn't do it.
I know.
I'll be 37.
I can do that.
I can't do 15 years.
(whispers):
Dear Lord, Cary.
What are you gonna do?
The choices have
been reduced.
We can appeal.
I mean, you take the plea,
you can't appeal.
Alicia...
I have watched you long enough
with clients to know
when you have a case
or when you don't.
The smart deal here
is to take the plea.
You'll come and see me?
(crying):
I will.
Good, good.
I don't want to be lonely.
(crying softly)
CUESTA:
Would you like to revise
your plea, Mr. Agos?
Yes, Your Honor.
I would like to plead guilty.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org